Okay, can you hear me? So what I want to do is, point one would be on the types of topic of group, campaign, ad, and audience. I also want to add two different types of audiences. The audience we have, call it remarketing audience. Within the remarketing audience, if we can only have video views, lead form opens, ad engages, event attendees, that'd be great. And then I want to create a second one called bottom of funnel, or BOF audience, which I want to call website, which would have website visitors in. It will have company paid visitors, as well as something else as well, called high company engages, which in brackets, if you could have looking, say looking at the company report in brackets, these wouldn't have a audience, a source flow campaign or source campaign, it would only have a target campaign. So yeah, don't worry about having an input for those as well. We also want to add a third audience, which we call top of funnel audience, so TOF audience. And TOF audience is going to be two different types. We're going to have something called a saved audience, and we're going to have what we call ABM lists. The saved audience will primarily be email, everything from firmographics to demographics, and the ABM list will be very much a list of companies which has been uploaded from somewhere else. So however you want to lay that out, but just have those three different types of audiences. Top of funnel audience, the TOF audience only needs to have one input as well. It needs to just have a campaign where you have a target campaign, not a source campaign. So it's only remarketing that needs a source campaign. Off the back of it, the next one is you can only have one ad type per campaign. So for example, if you have an awareness brand, awareness campaign, you can't have three different ads, one of which is a character, one of which is a single image, you'd have to have three different ones. So you'd have to have different campaigns for each of those. You can't put those together, so can you please mirror that and what you've done from the content, which it starts with. Also, I'm going to upload something below which shows naming conventions of campaign. So if you can look out for that as well, so changing naming conventions of the campaign group as well as campaign, which would be awesome. It'd also be great if we could tag the campaign group level as if it's going to be awareness, consideration or activation. If it's going to be better than flows into the campaign, so if it's an activation campaign, that's when we'll choose things like you have all the bidding models available, but just for example, if it's activation, have like awareness or engagement, for example, if it's campaign group, have them all available when you click on campaign, but have like the recommended ones being website clicks or engagement or video views, and then for the bottom of final one, have all of the bidding types available, but highlight lead gen forms or website visits or conversions. That'd be great if you could have that flow built in. If you could also add like a general node section, if I click on it, it's like a little like sticky note comes up, probably to the right of the ads, but you can write little notes on the campaigns. It would also be good as well, if you click on the campaigns, you can see other things as well, like which top of funnel audience it's been associated with, which would be great. Also, big things like, you know, the ad type, you know, the fact there's enhanced audience checkbox, which would automatically check off the same with other LinkedIn audience networks, which we check off as well, and also the bidding type, which would either have maximised delivery or manual, and by default always have manual as the one that's selected. And that's everything for now.